update ds/stack (#49)
OI-wiki/i18n: docs/ds/stack.md

    pop(2)
    ```
    
    If you consider it as a whole: 1 is the first one pushed into the stack, the first one popped; 2 is the last one pushed into the stack, the last one popped. This would become a first-in first-out table, which is obviously wrong.
    

>     Therefore, when considering whether the data structure is LIFO or FIFO, the situation in the current container should be considered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Therefore, when considering whether the data structure is LIFO or FIFO, the situation in current container should be considered.
```
we should consider .... 更好？

> We can easily use an array to simulate a stack, code shown as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use an array to simulate a stack easily as the code below shows:
```

```cpp
int stk[N];

> // Here use stk[0] (i.e. *stk) to represent the number of elements in the stack, and it is also the index on the top of the stack

Reviewer: index of the top element of the stack

// push into the stack
stk[++*stk] = var1;

> // get the top element from stack

Reviewer: the stack
和上面统一一下吧

int u = stk[*stk];
// pop from stack: pay attention to the out-of-boundery problem. When *stk == 0, it can no longer be popped
if (*stk) --*stk;

> // empty stack

Reviewer: clear

*stk = 0;
```

Also, STL provides this method: `std::stack` 

```cpp
#include <stack>
// stack construction:
1. stack<Typename T> s;
2. stack<Typename T, Container> s;

> /* The container of stack needs to realize following interfaces:

Reviewer: 🌚 
implement

 * back()
 * push_back()
 * pop_back()

>  * Standard container like std::vector / deque / list statisfy these requirements

Reviewer: 复数

>  * If you use the 1 method to construct, the default container uses deque

Reviewer: method 1

 */
```

 `std::stack` supports assignment operator `=` 

Element access:

>  `s.top()` return the top of the stacK:

Reviewer: typo

Capacity:

 `s.empty()` return whether is empty

 `s.size()` return the number of elements

Modification:

 `s.push()` push the element to the top of the stack

 `s.pop()` pop the element on top of the stack

> 

Reviewer: 三单？
